We will now look at the
cost function for RNNs.
We will go over the cross
entropy loss again,
and see how we can adapt it,
so we can account for
all the time steps.
Let's get started. Take a
look at the sequential model.
Here you have an input
vector x in magenta,
multiple hidden units in blue,
and three outputs
units in green.
Suppose that this model
outputs the probability
of whether an
observation belongs
to each of three
different classes.
Looking at a single x, y pair,
you can get the loss using
the cross entropy function,
where k is the number of
categories or classes.
Every label y_j is
equal to either 1 or 0.
To get the loss for a
single observation,
you have to look at every
outputs probability in y hat
and compare them with the
true y values 0 or 1.
Vanilla RNNs have
an architecture
similar to this one where
for every time step t,
the network outputs
a vector y hat.
By computing these two
formulas at every step,
the cross entropy loss in
this case is shown
in this equation.
Where the only difference
from the equation that I
showed earlier is this
summation over time t,
and a division by the
total number of steps,
capital T. This is
just the average of
the cross entropy loss
function over time.
To get the cost of your
whole model, as always,
you would have to sum over
every example in the training,
development, or test set.
Now you know that to capture
an individual loss
in your model,
you only have to take
the average with
respect to time for your
recurrent neural network.
Next, I'll share with you
some implementation notes,
and the more complex
RNN architectures.
You have seen how we change
the cost function by summing
over all the k classes
and all the t time steps.
We then divide it by
the total number of
steps to get the average
cost in each step.
We will further explore how to
implement these models
in the next video.